Oh Monica still going out with dr.
boring no he's not boring
he's just it's just low-key one hazelnut
latte yeah you know the hazelnut
actually not a nut its seed Wow can
anyone else name a well-known seed
that's been masquerading as a nut oh
dear God
I just got another rejection letter they
said my writing was funny just not
Archie comic funny the hospital okay oh
by the way the answer is the Brazil nut
what's his question what's more boring
than him look sorry about that
Archie thing you need me to give you
some money hey I may have no money but I
still have my pride
really
maybe Joey doesn't have to give you the
money TV stars have assistants right
that's an idea hey if I had an assistant
would you take money from her
no Joey Chandler could be your assistant
hey answer all your fan mail and stuff
that's great that would be great let's
do that I can use some money it could
give me time to write alright great
welcome aboard
hey I need to use the bathroom since I
don't need any assistance in there take
a break but Joe we just hire Chandler to
be his assistant oh no no no I said so
when it hits 5500 it's a number comes
after four-nine no it's okay it's okay
you're allowed one mistake just kidding
you are of course fired
hey fun Hey look who I ran into yes I
love three and a half pounds and you you
remember my friend Chandler and that's
Phoebe over there 1987 the day after
Christmas Shaun McMahan's party I played
you one of my songs you know
interplanetary courtship ritual music
sometimes you should come over sometime
I'll play you one of my other god Joey
Tribbiani from days of our lives Rach
he's a friend of ours you are friends
with dr. drake ramoray well it's kind of
hard to be friends with Drake because of
his busy schedule and the fact that he's
not real Hey
or I could bring my keyboard here
sometime
this is my friend Rachel going to high
school together I love you on that show
I watch you every day I mean when you
took out your own kidney to save your
ex-wife even though she tried to kill
you well it's always nice to meet the
fans she's not crazy so are you doing